Kayodo
It's Nobu劀
Everyone is a soldier
A soldier's loving heart
A Mashyun's special
Protects his country
The soldiers are here.
The soldiers are great.
Oh, the third car is...
I know. I've seen it before.
Yes, yes.
It's the one that saved the family in the river.
Oh, they're resting there.
Let's go together.
Let's go.
Hello, young men.
Oh, it was that horse after all?
Yes. Thank you for your kindness at that time.
Thanks to you, I worked hard and
I was able to use it in the military field.
You've really become a great man.
That's good. Congratulations.
Thank you.
From now on, we're going to Manchuria.
What? Manchuria?
You're brave.
Hello, young men.
Do you know this horse?
Yes, this is our life-saving horse.
I was able to save it before I went to the war.
That's a rare story.
I'm glad to go with a good horse.
Everyone, I'll definitely make a fortune.
That's good.
Soldier, please take care of the horse.
I understand. I'll work hard.
Well, everyone, goodbye.
Be careful.
Yes, I'll do it.
Well, be careful.
Good luck, horse.
Good luck, young men.
Good luck.
Thank you for watching.